XML Agatson -> score given from XML files (area x maxHU mentioned in XML files)
GT Agatson -> score calculated from GT binary masks (area x maxHU in GT binary masks)
Pred Agatston -> score calculated from Predicted binary masks (area x maxHU in Predicted binary masks)

when you go through the qualitative analysis you will see that their is a scan(159, fd31be0151e9) for which the model is giving a dice of 0!!! on top of that GT Agatson score is 0 but predicted Agatson score and XML Score aint zero and if we account for resampling issue which lead to agatson score differnces the values are not that apart and can be broguht more closer after solving the resampling issue. So I investigated these files turns out when i generate these binary masks, these are labelled in such a way that most of them are out of heart region, i have attached a video showing this and sent it to Katy. so since the masks are slightly incorrect and not overlapp in heart region, HU Values here are 0 or less hence Agatson score is 0 here, but GOOD Thing is that our predicted score from nnUnet model and XML score do not vary a lot (given we account for resampling issue, right now they may look 48 units apart). So this is a case where the model is actually doing good but the GT is wrong. I have attached a video showing this and sent it to Katy.

Comapraing GT agatson with Pred agatston
Within 20 Agatston units: 13 of 25 samples (52%)
Within 50 Agatston units: 18 of 25 samples (72%)

as we know the area increases with resamlping so agatson score will also increase with resampling, so we can say that the model is doing good in terms of Agatston score prediction., if we solve this resampling issue model will perform even better.

Excluding the 2 cases where GT Agatston score is 0, we have 23 samples left, and if we compare Pred Agatston with GT Agatston, we have:
Mean Dice score = 0.7683. (0.706 -> 0.768).

Apart from this our Model is very good i would say. before ending my project i will do depth analysis.
